welcome back to movion today i'm going
to explain the movie called the
seasoning house from 2012. spoilers
ahead watch out and take care and i hope
you enjoy it
at the beginning of the movie we saw a
girl named angel she was coming out of a
vent
she came outside and saw some men
those men were assaulting girls very
badly
along with that some other men were
smoking weed taking drugs and drinking
alcohol
after that we saw a scene from the past
and we found out the story of angel
she had a family of four members but her
dad left them because her mom and dad
always had a fight with each other
after some time the war began and the
military started to kill everyone
not just that they kidnapped the young
girls and sold them to a guy named
victor
victor had a business of prostitution
angel was one of those girls and they
killed her mom and sister in front of
her eyes
the people from the military came to
victor's brothel for free but he takes
money from the others
in the next scene we saw that those
girls were standing in front of him and
he told them to forget about their past
lives because from now on they will
never be able to go outside
and if anyone tries to get out of here
then he will kill them
after saying this to give them an
example he called a girl to come closer
to him and suddenly he stabbed her
throat with a knife and she died
after seeing this all the other girls
became so scared and started to cry
victor's eyes fell on angel
she had a strange birthmark on her face
that's why victor didn't put her in
prostitution but he kept her with
himself
viewers here we found out that angel was
actually a deaf girl she couldn't hear
or talk
victor made her the caretaker of the
brothel her job was to clean the girls
before the customers arrived and do
their makeup
and then she had to give them drugs so
that they could not hurt the customers
at night angel opened the vent in her
room and went to another room in a
bathroom
and she would look for a way to get out
of there
one day angel went to a girl's room to
feed her and saw that the girl was dead
because someone had assaulted her very
badly
and then suddenly a man came there and
dragged the dead body this was the
normal routine of this place
here people rape the girls like animals
one day victor asked angel to go to the
girls room and do their makeup because
some customers were about to come
she went to the girls room whose name
was vanya
vanya realized that angel was a deaf
girl but still she tried to talk to her
because she knew sign language
after the customer left angel once again
came to vanya's room
she cleaned the blood from her face and
then they talked to each other
vanya told her that her father was also
deaf and that's why she knows sign
language
angel remembered about her family after
seeing vanya because she hadn't talked
to anyone since the day she got
kidnapped
suddenly angel felt that someone was
coming and that's why she left
at night angel once again came to
vania's room through the vent
because they were not able to talk
openly
vanya asked her about the way out of
this place but angel told her that this
is impossible because this place was
locked from all sides
angel brought some chocolate for vanya
and shared those chocolates with each
other
but suddenly angel felt that someone was
coming that's why she went back to her
room through the vent
the next day she went to her room once
again to get her ready for another
customer
she didn't want to give her drugs but
vanya forced her to give her the drugs
because she gets a little relief from
the pain with the help of the drug
angel gave her the drugs and left
but then she was watching vanya through
the vent
a man was badly assaulting her
after that once again angel went to her
room and victor also came there
the man abused vanya so badly that her
pelvis broke
victor called the doctor and after the
checkup the doctor became so mad at
victor and argued with him
but victor told him to take the money
and treat her
that night victor called angel to his
room and gave her a master key
with this key angel could open any doors
of this house
he told her that if you want you can run
away from here but i know that you won't
do that because you're in love with me
and you will never leave me
the next day angel went to vanya's room
to give her drugs but vanya was so sick
bonya wanted to be free from this place
after saying this both of them became
emotional
suddenly alexander came there and told
angel to immediately give her the drugs
but angel didn't want to give her drugs
because this would make her sicker
that's why she put the drug loaded
injection into her pocket and left
in the next scene we saw that some
military soldiers came there and goran
was their leader
goran was the one who led his team to
angel city and killed everyone and his
team members were joseph marco rodovin
and ivan
joseph was goran's brother
then suddenly goran saw angel and he
recognized her
goran asked victor that why did you keep
her with you
victor told him that she's a good girl
and she's the caretaker of this place
then goran asked his team members to go
to the girls room and enjoy
and goran went to victor's office to
talk to him
ivan went to vanya's room
ivan was like a monster
vanya started to cry after seeing him
ivan didn't show any mercy toward her
and assaulted her badly
angel was watching this through the vent
angel couldn't control herself and
that's why she came out of the vent and
stabbed ivan with a knife
ivan fell down to the floor
angel stabbed him multiple times with
the knife but ivan was not dying at all
ivan tried to stop her but angel kept
stabbing him with a knife
and at last he died
after that she saw that vanya was also
dead
there were so many noises and screams
due to the fight between angel and ivan
therefore goran and the other military
broke the door
but before they could see angel she went
inside the vent
goran was so mad after seeing ivan like
this
he asked victor about who did this
victor told him i don't know but then
goran heard some sound behind the wall
and he followed the sound and went to
the other girl's room
all the girls were in their room but
angel was not
goran realized that angel had done this
he became mad and killed the girl with
his gun and asked his team members to
lock the whole building and whenever you
will find angel kill her right then
after that goran and victor came
downstairs and they argued with each
other
meanwhile angel came out of the vent and
started to open the main door with a
master key
but the door didn't open which means
victor gave her a fake key to get her
trust
so that she would never think of running
away from him
once again she went to the vent but
suddenly goran noticed her and he fired
at her
luckily this time angel was successful
to run away from here
angel went to the first floor and she
was coming out of the vent but then
alexander found her and attacked her
angel injected the drug into alexander's
body
after hearing the noise gorn and his
other team members came there but once
again angel went inside the vent
this time goran grabbed her leg
angel kicked him with her other leg and
went inside
goran told one of his men named marco to
get inside the vent with a gun
because marco was the skinniest amongst
them
but angel threw a brick towards him and
he died as well
in the next scene we saw that goran took
out some smoke and an assault rifle from
his car
they went to different rooms and put
those smoke grenades into the vents
the whole building became full of smoke
with this chance victor shot rodovan and
killed him because they had killed two
of his girls and they were destroying
the building
goran and his brother joseph were the
only survivors
goran came there after hearing the
gunshot but victor told him that angel
had killed him
suddenly goran noticed an open window
and angel went outside through this
window
goran fired at her but angel ran towards
the forest
goran went after her with his brother
and victor
after walking for a while he told them
to go in different directions
after running for a while angel fell
down and saw the dead bodies of the
girls who died in the brothel those dead
bodies were totally rotten
angel went ahead but then victor found
her he told her that he does not want to
hurt her at all
he asked her to give him the knife
angel trusted him and gave him the knife
but then victor got her and started to
beat her
goran and joseph came there
victor asked him to spare his life in
exchange for angel and told him to give
him 50 of his profit
goran agreed with him and all of them
dropped their guns on the ground
but angel took the knife from victor's
belt and stabbed him in his leg and ran
away from there
because of the stab from the knife
victor by mistake pulled the trigger and
the bullet hit joseph and he died
goran was so mad to see his brother die
in front of his eyes
he fired at victor multiple times and
killed him
angel ran to a house and a lady opened
the door when she opened the door angel
fainted and we saw that the woman
cleaned her body and stitched all the
wounds in her body
when angel woke up she saw a photo in
the room and we found out that this
woman was ivan's wife
her name was lexi
suddenly lexi received a call from goran
and he told her about angel
lexi realized that she was angel and she
tried to attack her with a knife
but angel hit her in the head multiple
times with a piggy bank and she died
goran came there and angel ran away from
there
goran went after her and angel went to a
factory
goran asked all the workers to go
outside and ask them to lock the door
meanwhile angel went inside a pipe and
goran also went after her through the
pipe
but the pipe was not straight it was too
small for gorham to go through it
after going for a while gorham got stuck
inside the pipe and he was not able to
move at all
angels saw this and went closer to him
goran requested her to help him and in
exchange he was ready to do anything for
her
but angel smiled at him and put a piece
of cloth in his mouth so that no one
heard his scream
then she did the makeup of him with her
own blood just like she did with the
girls in the brothel
angel left goran to die inside the pipe
while running she fell onto an old lady
and the lady took her home since she was
so sick
then we saw her husband and he was the
doctor who came to the brothel to treat
vanya
the doctor recognized angel and this was
the ending of this movie
with the ending we realized that angel
is safe now because all of them had died
who hurt her to watch more explanations
of these kinds of movies click on the
videos on your screen
and don't forget to let me know how you
feel about today's video in the comments
down below
and at last i will say stay safe stay
well
thanks